Welcome Mr. Gong
Mr. Guang, you are here in person today
I'm so flattered
It shines.
I entrusted someone to communicate with you for so long before.
I just want to see your face
It's extraordinary at first sight today
Dragon and phoenix among people
less flattery
Be careful to flatter the real upstairs
Yes, yes, Mr. Gong
After all, you are the acting president of Genting Group
The gatekeeper of Genting Heaven Palace
Holding the building for 16 weeks
I respect you respect you
Forgive me what I call
I still want to fight for the Guozhou branch of Genting Group with you.
Vice President
Here's my resume.
Please take a look.
Customer service is satisfied
Satisfied with your shit
You fool, you deserve it too
Mr. Kong, why did you suddenly turn your face?
When did the boy offend Mr. Gong?
Please make it clear.
You didn't offend me.
You are guilty of the whole summer
The one you can't afford to offend the most